# packages in environment at /home/yanhu/utils/miniforge3/envs/print:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                  2_kmp_llvm    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
absl-py                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
adjusttext                1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.9.3           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anndata                   0.10.6                   pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argcomplete               3.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
argh                      0.31.2                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py311h459d7ec_4    conda-forge
array-api-compat          1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.11               h0b4cabd_1    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.6.9                h14ec70c_3    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.12               hd590300_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.17               h572eabf_8    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.4.1                h97bb272_2    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.8.0                h9129f04_2    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.14.0               hf8f278a_1    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.10.1               h2b97f5f_0    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.4.9                hca09fc5_0    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.13               h572eabf_1    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.17               h572eabf_7    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.26.0               h04327c0_8    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.210            hba3e011_10    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
batchglm                  0.7.4                    pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.40                 hdade7a5_3    conda-forge
bioconductor-annotate     1.80.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationdbi 1.64.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationfilter 1.26.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationhub 3.10.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-apeglm       1.24.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-beachmat     2.18.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.62.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biocfilecache 2.10.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.48.1            r43hdfd78af_2    bioconda
bioconductor-biocio       1.12.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocneighbors 1.20.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.36.0            r43hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biocsingular 1.18.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocversion  3.18.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biomart      2.58.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.70.1            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biovizbase   1.50.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-bsgenome     1.70.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-celldex      1.12.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-chromvar     1.24.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-cner         1.38.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-data-packages 20231203             hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.28.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedmatrixstats 1.24.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-deseq2       1.42.0            r43hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-dirichletmultinomial 1.44.0            r43hee7dd41_0    bioconda
bioconductor-ensembldb    2.26.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-experimenthub 2.10.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.38.1            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.11            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.38.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicfeatures 1.54.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.54.1            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-go.db        3.18.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-gviz         1.46.1            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-interactivedisplaybase 1.40.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.36.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-keggrest     1.42.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-matrixgenerics 1.14.0            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-motifmatchr  1.24.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-protgenerics 1.34.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      2.4.0             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.18.0            r43hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.62.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4arrays     1.2.0             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.40.2            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-scaledmatrix 1.10.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-seqlogo      1.68.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-singler      2.4.0             r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsearray  1.2.2             r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-sparsematrixstats 1.14.0            r43hf17093f_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.32.0            r43hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-tfbstools    1.40.0            r43ha9d7317_0    bioconda
bioconductor-tximport     1.30.0            r43hdfd78af_1    bioconda
bioconductor-variantannotation 1.48.1            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.42.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.48.0            r43ha9d7317_1    bioconda
bioframe                  0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
biopython                 1.83                     pypi_0    pypi
blas                      2.116                       mkl    conda-forge
blas-devel                3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bowtie2                   2.5.4                he20e202_0    bioconda
brotli                    1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hb755f60_1    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.27.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
captum                    0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py311hb3a22ac_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0           py311h9547e67_0    conda-forge
cryptography              42.0.5          py311h63ff55d_0    conda-forge
cuda-crt-tools            12.3.107             ha770c72_0    conda-forge
cuda-cudart               12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-cupti                12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-libraries            12.1.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-nvcc-tools           12.3.107             hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvrtc                12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-nvtx                 12.1.105                      0    nvidia
cuda-nvvm-tools           12.3.107             h59595ed_0    conda-forge
cuda-opencl               12.3.101                      0    nvidia
cuda-runtime              12.1.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-version              12.3                 h32bc705_2    conda-forge
cudnn                     8.8.0.121            h264754d_4    conda-forge
curl                      8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cykhash                   2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dask                      2024.5.0                 pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.1           py311hb755f60_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
diffxpy                   0.7.4                    pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
dm-tree                   0.1.8           py311h46cbc50_2    conda-forge
dna-features-viewer       3.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
docker-pycreds            0.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.3                  hf484d3e_0    pytorch
filelock                  3.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flatbuffers               23.5.26              h59595ed_1    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_1    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.49.0          py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
gast                      0.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               he2b93b0_5    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              12.3.0               h6477408_3    conda-forge
get-annotations           0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gffutils                  0.12                     pypi_0    pypi
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.3.0               hfcedea8_5    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.43             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.6.0                h6f12383_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py311hc4f1f91_1    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.6.13               h85f3911_1    conda-forge
google-auth               2.28.1             pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.59.3          py311ha6695c7_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               he2b93b0_5    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              12.3.0               h4a1b8e8_3    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.10.0          nompi_py311hebc2b07_101    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  8.3.0                h3d44ed6_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_h4f84152_100    conda-forge
hmmlearn                  0.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
igraph                    0.11.4                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        7.0.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        7.0.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.3             pyhd33586a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.22.2             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jq                        1.5                           0    bioconda
json5                     0.9.20             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               2.4             py311h38be061_3    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_10    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.25.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kaleido                   0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
keras                     2.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_17    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py311h9547e67_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
legacy-api-wrap           1.4                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20230802.1      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.2                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
libarrow                  14.0.2           h84dd17c_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            14.0.2           h59595ed_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          14.0.2           h59595ed_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        14.0.2           h61ff412_3_cpu    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.1               h8fe9dca_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcublas                 12.1.0.26                     0    nvidia
libcufft                  11.0.2.4                      0    nvidia
libcufile                 1.8.1.2              hd3aeb46_1    conda-forge
libcurand                 10.3.4.107           hd3aeb46_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libcusolver               11.4.4.55                     0    nvidia
libcusparse               12.0.2.55                     0    nvidia
libdeflate                1.19                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.120              hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.3.0             h8bca6fd_105    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_5    conda-forge
libgit2                   1.7.2                h76de150_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.78.4               h783c2da_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.12.0               h5206363_4    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.59.3               hd6c4280_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.10.0          default_h5622ce7_1001    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hcd5def8_4    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnpp                    12.0.2.50                     0    nvidia
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnvjitlink              12.1.105                      0    nvidia
libnvjpeg                 12.1.1.14                     0    nvidia
libopenblas               0.3.26          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libopenvino               2023.2.0             h2e90f83_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2023.2.0             hd5fc58b_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2023.2.0             hd5fc58b_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2023.2.0             h3ecfda7_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-cpu-plugin 2023.2.0             h2e90f83_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-gpu-plugin 2023.2.0             h2e90f83_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2023.2.0             h3ecfda7_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2023.2.0             h61ff412_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2023.2.0             h61ff412_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2023.2.0             h59595ed_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2023.2.0             h76f315d_4    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2023.2.0             h59595ed_4    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libparquet                14.0.2           h352af49_3_cpu    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.24.4               hf27288f_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h7a70373_1    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.3.0               h0f45ef3_5    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.1               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.3.0             h8bca6fd_105    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.3.0               h2af2641_6    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               hb90f79a_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                ha9c0a0a_2    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libva                     2.20.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.13.1               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               hc051c1a_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               15.0.7               h0cdce71_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.42.0                   pypi_0    pypi
locket                    1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
logomaker                 0.8                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
macs3                     3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.3           py311h54ef318_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-venn           0.11.10            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.1.0           h84fe81f_915    conda-forge
mkl-devel                 2022.1.0           ha770c72_916    conda-forge
mkl-include               2022.1.0           h84fe81f_915    conda-forge
ml_dtypes                 0.2.0           py311h320fe9a_2    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h9458935_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.16                  pypi_0    pypi
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
muon                      0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
namex                     0.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
natsort                   8.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.20.3.1             h3a97aeb_0    conda-forge
ncls                      0.0.68                   pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nettle                    3.6                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nlopt                     2.7.1           py311he50ff42_5    conda-forge
notebook                  7.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.59.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ocl-icd                   2.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
ocl-icd-system            1.0.0                         1    conda-forge
openblas                  0.3.26          pthreads_h7a3da1a_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.1.1                h780b84a_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.2           py311h459d7ec_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhc1e730c_2    conda-forge
orc                       1.9.2                h4b38347_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               hc5aa10d_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pandoc                    3.1.12.2             ha770c72_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.52.1               ha41ecd1_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pathtools                 0.1.2                      py_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.42                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.2.0          py311ha6c5da5_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plotly                    5.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
polars                    0.20.16                  pypi_0    pypi
pooch                     1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.42             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.42               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.24.4          py311h46cbc50_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   15.0.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pybigwig                  0.3.22                   pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydeseq2                  0.4.8              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pyfaidx                   0.7.2.2                  pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pynndescent               0.5.11                   pypi_0    pypi
pyopenssl                 24.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyranges                  0.0.129                  pypi_0    pypi
pyreadr                   0.5.0           py311h3cc738f_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.8          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
python-fastjsonschema     2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        23.5.26            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    4_cp311    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.0           py3.11_cuda12.1_cudnn8.9.2_0    pytorch
pytorch-cuda              12.1                 ha16c6d3_5    pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    pytorch
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py311h459d7ec_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.2          py311h34ded2d_0    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.5.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-abind                   1.4_5           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-arrow                   14.0.1            r43h59595ed_0    conda-forge
r-ashr                    2.2_63            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.2.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-backports               1.5.0             r43hb1dbf0f_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.3.3                hb8ee39d_0    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r43h57805ef_1006    conda-forge
r-bbmle                   1.0.25.1          r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bdsmatrix               1.3_7             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-beeswarm                0.4.0             r43h57805ef_3    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.84.0_0          r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-biocmanager             1.30.22           r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.5             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.4             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_30            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_10            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-broom                   1.0.6             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.7.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.8             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.6             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-car                     3.1_2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-cardata                 3.0_5             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_94            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r43hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-checkmate               2.3.2             r43hdb488b9_0    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_22            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.8.0             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-clock                   0.7.0             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.6             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-coda                    0.19_4.1          r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_20            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.9.1             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-conquer                 1.3.3             r43h08d816e_2    conda-forge
r-corrplot                0.92              r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.7             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-credentials             2.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    5.1.0             r43hf9611b0_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.15.2            r43h029312a_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.2.2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.5.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-deldir                  2.0_4             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.4.5             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-diagram                 1.6.5             r43ha770c72_2    conda-forge
r-dichromat               2.0_0.1           r43ha770c72_3    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.35            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dotcall64               1.1_1             r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-downlit                 0.4.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dqrng                   0.3.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.33              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-e1071                   1.7_14            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-emdbook                 1.3.13            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-etrunct                 0.1             r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.23              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.6             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-fastdummies             1.7.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.1             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-filelock                1.0.3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-fitdistrplus            1.1_11            r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fnn                     1.1.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 1.0.0             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_86            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.14              r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-formula                 1.2_5             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r43hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-future                  1.33.2            r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-future.apply            1.11.2            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-gert                    2.0.1             r43hc25a090_0    conda-forge
r-ggbeeswarm              0.7.2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.5.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggpubr                  0.6.0             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-ggridges                0.5.6             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggsci                   3.1.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggsignif                0.6.4             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.4.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gitcreds                0.1.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.16.3            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.7.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-gmp                     0.7_4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-goftest                 1.2_3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-gower                   1.0.1             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3.1           r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.5             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-hardhat                 1.4.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.5.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-hdf5r                   1.3.10            r43h0e8ca13_0    conda-forge
r-here                    1.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.3            r43h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.10              r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hmisc                   5.1_3             r43hc4980d5_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.3             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-htmltable               2.4.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.8.1           r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.6.4             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.6.15            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.7             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httr2                   1.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ica                     1.0_3             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-igraph                  2.0.2             r43hbec7d4a_0    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-interp                  1.1_6             r43ha936806_1    conda-forge
r-invgamma                1.1               r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_14            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.1               r43hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.3.2             r43h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-irlba                   2.3.5.1           r43h316c678_1    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-jpeg                    0.1_10            r43had62be2_6    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_22           r43h13b3f57_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.46              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-later                   1.3.2             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.22_6            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-latticeextra            0.6_30            r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.7.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r43h57805ef_4    conda-forge
r-leiden                  0.4.3.1           r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-listenv                 0.9.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lme4                    1.1_35.3          r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-lmtest                  0.9_40            r43h61816a4_2    conda-forge
r-locfit                  1.5_9.9           r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-lsei                    1.3_0             r43hd8f1df9_3    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.9.3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-maptools                1.1_8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_60            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.6_5             r43h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-matrixmodels            0.5_3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             1.3.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.9_1             r43h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-miniui                  0.1.1.1         r43hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-minqa                   1.2.7             r43h4a74c7a_0    conda-forge
r-mixsqp                  0.3_54            r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r43ha503ecb_3    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-mvtnorm                 1.2_4             r43hd9ac46e_0    conda-forge
r-nabor                   0.5.0             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_164           r43h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-nloptr                  2.0.3             r43hcf54a89_2    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_19            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-npsurv                  0.5_0             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r43hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.1.1             r43hb353fa6_0    conda-forge
r-parallelly              1.37.1            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.2.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbapply                 1.7_2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_11            r43hc2df49b_0    conda-forge
r-pbkrtest                0.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.4.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-pkgdown                 2.0.9             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.3.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-plotly                  4.10.4            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.9             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_8             r43h81d01c5_1    conda-forge
r-polyclip                1.10_6            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-polynom                 1.4_1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-powerlaw                0.80.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pracma                  2.4.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r43hc72bb7e_1007    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.2.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.18.5            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-processx                3.8.4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2023.08.28        r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-profvis                 0.3.8             r43h57805ef_3    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-progressr               0.14.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.3.0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-proxy                   0.4_27            r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.7.6             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.2             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-quantreg                5.98              r43hc29710b_0    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.26.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.12.3            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ragg                    1.3.0             r43h73ae6e3_0    conda-forge
r-rann                    2.6.1             r43ha503ecb_4    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.4.0             r43h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r43h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.12            r43h7df8631_0    conda-forge
r-rcppannoy               0.0.22            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rcpparmadillo           0.12.8.2.1        r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.4.0.0         r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-rcpphnsw                0.6.0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rcppnumerical           0.6_0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rcppprogress            0.4.2             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-rcpptoml                0.2.2             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.14         r43hf9611b0_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.1.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.4.3             r43ha5c9fba_0    conda-forge
r-recipes                 1.0.10            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.3             r43hd8ed1ab_1006    conda-forge
r-rematch                 2.0.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.5.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.7             r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r43ha503ecb_3    conda-forge
r-restfulr                0.0.15            r43h56115f1_3    bioconda
r-reticulate              1.36.1            r43ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-rio                     1.1.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.21            r43ha503ecb_3    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.26              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rmpfr                   0.9_5             r43h5db443f_0    conda-forge
r-rocr                    1.0_11            r43hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                7.3.1             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1.23            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rspectra                0.16_1            r43h08d816e_2    conda-forge
r-rsqlite                 2.3.4             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-rstatix                 0.7.2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.16.0            r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rsvd                    1.0.5             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rtsne                   0.17              r43h7ce84a7_0    conda-forge
r-rversions               2.1.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.9             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.3.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-scattermore             1.2               r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-sctransform             0.4.1             r43h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.2.2             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-seurat                  5.0.3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-seuratobject            5.0.1             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-shape                   1.4.6.1           r43ha770c72_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.8.1.1           r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-sitmo                   2.0.2             r43ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_4             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7_1           r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-sp                      2.1_3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spam                    2.10_0            r43h9f9f741_0    conda-forge
r-sparsem                 1.83              r43hbcb9c34_0    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_17            r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.data           3.0_4             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.explore        3.2_6             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.geom           3.2_9             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.random         3.2_3             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.sparse         3.0_3             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.utils          3.0_4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2021.1            r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.8.3             r43h9facbd6_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.1             r43h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-survival                3.5_8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.2             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-systemfonts             1.0.5             r43haf97adc_0    conda-forge
r-tensor                  1.5             r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.2.1.1           r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-textshaping             0.3.7             r43hd87b9d6_0    conda-forge
r-tfmpvalue               0.0.9             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r43h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.1             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.1             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-timechange              0.3.0             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-timedate                4032.109          r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.50              r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-truncnorm               1.0_9             r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.4.0             r43ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-urlchecker              1.0.1             r43hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-usethis                 2.2.3             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.4             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    1.2_0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-uwot                    0.1.16            r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-vipor                   0.4.7             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.6.5             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.6.5             r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.5.2             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4.1             r43hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   3.0.0             r43hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-writexl                 1.5.0             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.43              r43ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.99_0.16.1       r43hc6530ce_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.6             r43hbfba7a4_1    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r43hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r43hc72bb7e_5    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.8             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-zip                     2.3.1             r43h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_12            r43h57805ef_1    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.33.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.18.0          py311h46250e7_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rustworkx                 0.14.2                   pypi_0    pypi
s2n                       1.4.1                h06160fa_0    conda-forge
scanpy                    1.10.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.4.1.post1     py311hc009520_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.12.0          py311h64a7726_2    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.2              pyh41d4057_0    conda-forge
sentry-sdk                2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
session-info              1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setproctitle              1.3.3           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
setuptools                69.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
shap                      0.45.0                   pypi_0    pypi
simplejson                3.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slicer                    0.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
smmap                     5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snapatac2                 2.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sorted-nearest            0.0.39                   pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sparse                    0.15.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.1          py311h1f0f07a_0    conda-forge
stdlib-list               0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_17    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tbb                       2021.12.0            h297d8ca_1    conda-forge
tenacity                  8.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.15.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0           py311h63ff55d_1    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.15.0          cpu_py311hd3d7757_2    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.15.0          cpu_py311h6aa969b_2    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.15.0          cpu_py311ha26c8b9_2    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.0             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
texttable                 1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.3.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h0c5db8f_5    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.12.4             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
torchaudio                2.3.0               py311_cu121    pytorch
torchtriton               2.3.0                     py311    pytorch
torchvision               0.18.0              py311_cu121    pytorch
tornado                   6.4             py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.8.19.20240106    pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
umap-learn                0.5.5           py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wandb                     0.16.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 1.13               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1          py311hd4cff14_1    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.7                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
yq                        3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
